doc: working_with_pmic: Added developing with npm1300 (#12646)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_pmic/npm1300/developing.rst

.. _ug_npm1300_developing:

> Developing with nPM1300
> #######################

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developing with nPM1300 EK
##########################
```

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The |NCS| provides support for development with the `nPM1300 Power Management IC (PMIC) <nPM1300 product website_>`_, using the `nPM1300 EK (PCA10152) <nPM1300 EK product page_>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The |NCS| provides support for development with the `nPM1300 <nPM1300 product website_>`_ Power Management IC (PMIC), using the `nPM1300 EK <nPM1300 EK product page_>`_ (PCA10152).
```

To get started with your nPM1300 EK, follow the steps in the :ref:`ug_npm1300_gs` section.

> If you are not familiar with the |NCS| and its development environment, see :ref:`installation` and :ref:`configuration_and_build` documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not familiar with the |NCS| and its development environment, see the :ref:`installation` and :ref:`configuration_and_build` documentation.
```

Importing an overlay from nPM PowerUP
*************************************

> nPM PowerUP supports exporting a full configuration of the nPM1300 in devicetree overlay format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nPM PowerUP application supports exporting a full configuration of the nPM1300 in devicetree overlay format.
```
Am I right?

> nPM PowerUP application supports exporting a full configuration of the nPM1300 in devicetree overlay format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The nPM PowerUP application supports exporting a full configuration of the nPM1300 in devicetree overlay format.
```

> This exported overlay file can be used to quickly configure the nPM1300 in your application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use this exported overlay file to quickly configure the nPM1300 in your application.
```

If there is no overlay file for you project, include the file directly in your application folder with the name

> `app.overlay`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:file:`app.overlay`.
```

> If there is no overlay file for you project, include the file directly in your application folder with the name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If there is no overlay file for your project, include the file directly in your application folder with the name
```
